Change the sensors filter logic for the event list (#418)
aicers/review-web: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

- Updated the GraphQL APIs related to account as the `customer_ids` field was
  added to the `Account` structure in the review-database.
- Changed the behavior of the `EventListFilterInput::sensors` in event related
  GraphQL APIs.
  - If the `sensors` field is provided, only events collected from the sensors
    are returned.
  - If the `sensors` field is not provided, events are filtered to include only
    sensors associated with the user's customer. An error occurs if the user is

>     not associated with any customer.

Reviewer: I suggest:

If the `sensors` field is not provided, the software filters events from the sensors owned by the customers to which the user belongs. An error occurs if the user does not belong to any customers.

Author: Applied the suggested adjustment.

>     the user does not belong to any customers.

Reviewer: Under the role of the system administrator, all the events should be covered without any errors.

Author: Applied the suggested adjustment.

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

- Updated the GraphQL APIs related to account as the `customer_ids` field was
  added to the `Account` structure in the review-database.
- Changed the behavior of the `EventListFilterInput::sensors` in event related
  GraphQL APIs.
  - If the `sensors` field is provided, only events collected from the sensors
    are returned.
  - If the `sensors` field is not provided:
    - For users with the `SystemAdministrator` role, events from all sensors are
      returned.
    - For users without the `SystemAdministrator` role, events are filtered to
      include only sensors associated with the user's customer. An error occurs

>       if the user is not associated with any customer.

Reviewer 2: Since the logic no longer depends on the role directly, but only on `customer_ids` field directly, I think the  description we should provide is below:

"events are filtered to
      include only sensors associated with the user's customer. An error occurs
      if the user is not associated with any customer."

and avoid "For users with the `SystemAdministrator` role, events from all sensors are returned". Since the description becomes false if a system administrator is deliberately assigned only a limited set of customers.

Author: Applied the suggested adjustment.

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

- Updated the GraphQL APIs related to account as the `customer_ids` field was
  added to the `Account` structure in the review-database.

> 

Reviewer 2: Is this blank space intended?

Author: That wasn't intended. Removed it.

> - Changed the behavior of the `sensors` field in the event filter
>   (`EventListFilterInput`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed the behavior of the `EventListFilterInput::sensors` in event related GraphQL APIs.
```

I think we have rarely been using parenthesis in similar cases.

Author: Applied the suggested adjustment.

- Updated the GraphQL APIs related to account as the `customer_ids` field was
  added to the `Account` structure in the review-database.
- Changed the behavior of the `EventListFilterInput::sensors` in event related
  GraphQL APIs.
  - If the `sensors` field is provided, only events collected from the sensors
    are returned.

>   - If the sensors field is not provided, the software filters events from

Reviewer 2: Maybe `sensors` field?

- Updated the GraphQL APIs related to account as the `customer_ids` field was
  added to the `Account` structure in the review-database.
- Added `confidence` field to `BlockListTlsFields` event structure.
- Changed the behavior of the `EventListFilterInput::sensors` in event related
  GraphQL APIs.
  - If the `sensors` field is provided, only events collected from the sensors
    are returned.
  - If the `sensors` field is not provided, the software filters events from
    sensors owned by the customers the user belongs to. An error occurs if a

>     non-sys-admin user does not belong to any customers.

Reviewer 2: ```An error occurs if a
    non-sys-admin user does not belong to any customers.```

I think this line should be necessary to align with the last code change a few minutes ago.

Author: Removed the sentence. Thank you.

### Changed

- Modified serialization method in broadcasting of internal networks, allow list

>   and block list. The new implementation now uses

Reviewer: The terms ‘allowlist’ and ‘blocklist’ are written as single words. (Cc. @sophie-cluml)

Author: Applied the suggested adjustment.

### Changed

- Modified serialization method in broadcasting of `internal

> networks,allow/block list`. The new implementation now uses

Reviewer 2: I believe `internal networks,allow/block list` is not in our codebase. I think the backticks were mis-used for an emphasis. And I believe we need a space after a comma. Could you carry out a simple fix please? One of my suggestions is:

- Modified serialization method in broadcasting of internal networks, allow list and block list.

Author: Applied the suggested adjustment.

### Changed

- Modified serialization method in broadcasting of internal networks, allowlist

>   and blocklist. The new implementation now uses

Reviewer 2: 👍
